clock speed
solar flares
electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris
static from nylon underwear
static from plastic slide rules
global warming
poor power conditioning
static buildup
doppler effect
hardware stress fractures
magnetic interference from money/credit cards
dry joints on cable plug
we're waiting for [the phone company] to fix that line
sounds like a Windows problem, calling Microsoft support
temporary routing anomaly
somebody was calculating pi on the server
fat electrons in the lines
excess surge protection
floating point processor overflow
divide-by-zero error
POSIX compliance problem
monitor resolution too high
improperly oriented keyboard
network packets travelling uphill (use a carrier pigeon)
Decreasing electron flux
first Saturday after first full moon in Winter
radiosity depletion
CPU radiator broken
It works the way the Wang did, what's the problem
positron router malfunction
cellular telephone interference
techtonic stress
piezo-electric interference
(l)user error
working as designed
dynamic software linking table corrupted
heavy gravity fluctuation, move computer to floor rapidly
secretary plugged hairdryer into UPS
terrorist activities
not enough memory, go get system upgrade
interrupt configuration error
spaghetti cable cause packet failure
bank holiday - system operating credits  not recharged
virus attack, luser responsible
waste water tank overflowed onto computer
Complete Transient Lockout
bad ether in the cables
Bogon emissions
Change in Earth's rotational speed
Cosmic ray particles crashed through the hard disk platter
Little hamster in running wheel had coronary; waiting for replacement
Evil dogs hypnotised the night shift
Plumber mistook routing panel for decorative wall fixture
Electricians made popcorn in the power supply
high pressure system failure
failed trials, system needs redesigned
system has been recalled
not approved by the FCC
need to wrap system in aluminum foil to fix problem
not properly grounded, please bury computer
CPU needs recalibration
system needs to be rebooted
bit bucket overflow
descramble code needed from software company
only available on a need to know basis
knot in cables caused data stream to become twisted and kinked
nesting roaches shorted out the ether cable
The file system is full of it
Satan did it
Daemons did it
You're out of memory
There isn't any problem
Unoptimized hard drive
Typo in the code
design limitation
Someone is standing on the ethernet cable, causing a kink in the cable
Runt packets
Password is too complex to decrypt
Electromagnetic energy loss
Budget cuts
Mouse chewed through power cable
Feature not yet implemented
Internet outage
Pentium FDIV bug
Vendor no longer supports the product
Small animal kamikaze attack on power supplies
vendor put the bug there
SIMM crosstalk
IRQ dropout
Collapsed Backbone
Power company testing new voltage spike (creation) equipment
UPS interrupted the server's power
electricity substation in the car park blew up.
monitor is plugged into the serial port
Root nameservers are out of sync
your keyboard's space bar is generating spurious keycodes.
real ttys became pseudo ttys and vice-versa.
printer thinks its a router
router thinks its a printer
we just switched to FDDI
user to computer ratio too high
user to computer ration too low
Power Company having EMP problems with their reactor
The ring needs another token
SCSI Chain overterminated
not plugged in
because of network lag due to too many people playing deathmatch
disk in upside down
Daemons loose in system
disks spinning backwards - toggled the hemisphere jumper
new guy cross-connected phone lines with ac power bus
had to use hammer to free stuck disk drive heads
Too few computrons available
Insert coin for new game
Arcserve crashed the server again
Big to little endian conversion error
Zombie processes haunting the computer
Incorrect time synchronization
Defunct processes
Stubborn processes
non-redundant fan failure 
monitor VLF leakage
no "any" key on keyboard
root rot
excessive collisions & not enough packet ambulances
le0: no carrier: transceiver cable problem?
broadcast packets on wrong frequency
popper unable to process jumbo kernel
NOTICE: alloc: /dev/null: filesystem full
pseudo-user on a pseudo-terminal
Recursive traversal of loopback mount points
Backbone adjustment
OS swapped to disk
vapors from evaporating sticky-note adhesives
sticktion
short leg on process table
multicasts on broken packets
ether leak
Atilla the Hub
endothermal recalibration
filesystem not big enough for Jumbo Kernel Patch
loop found in loop in redundant loopback
system consumed all the paper for paging
permission denied
Reformatting Page. Wait...
..disk or the processor is on fire.
SCSI's too wide.
Proprietary Information.
runaway cat on system.
kernel panic: write-only-memory (/dev/wom0) capacity exceeded.
Recursivity.  Call back if it happens again.
Someone thought The Big Red Button was a light switch.
wrong polarity of neutron flow
TCP/IP UDP alarm threshold set too low
Plate voltage too low on demodulator tube
CPU needs bearings repacked
Too much radiation coming from the soil
out of bits/bytes/whatever. Don't worry, new supply will be coming next week.
Processes running slowly due to weak power supply
Our ISP is having {switching,routing,SMDS,frame relay} problems
We've run out of licenses
Interference from lunar radiation
Standing room only on the bus
You need to install an RTFM interface.
That would be because the software doesn't work.
easy to fix, but I can't be bothered.
We're upgrading /dev/null
The Usenet news is out of date
POP server was kidnapped by a weasel
stuck in the Web
modem doesn't speak English
All of the packets are empty
UPS is on strike
Neutrino overload on the nameserver
Melting hard drives
Someone has messed up the kernel pointers
The kernel license has expired
Netscape has crashed
Bit rot
Flux Capacitor has gone bad
Dilithium Crystals need to be rotated
static electricity routing is acting up
Traceroute says that there is a routing problem in the backbone. Not our problem
High altitude condensation from U.S.A.F prototype aircraft has contaminated the primary subnet mask
Electrons on a bender
Telecommunications is upgrading
Telecommunications is downgrading
Telecommunications is downshifting
Hard drive sleeping. Let it wake up on it's own...
Interference between the keyboard and chair
Due to the CDA, we no longer have a root account
ran out of dial tone and we're and waiting for the phone company to deliver another bottle.
must've hit the wrong any key.
PCMCIA slave driver
Too many interrupts
Not enough interrupts
data on your hard drive is out of balance
Digital Manipulator exceeding velocity parameters
appears to be a Slow/Narrow SCSI-0 Interface problem
microelectronic Riemannian curved-space fault in write-only file system
fractal radiation jamming the backbone
routing problems on the neural net
IRQ-problems with the Un-Interruptible-Power-Supply
CPU-angle has to be adjusted because of vibrations coming from the nearby road
emissions from GSM-phones
firewall needs cooling
asynchronous inode failure
transient bus protocol violation
incompatible bit-registration operators
process is not ISO 9000 compliant
Internet exceeded Luser level, please wait until a luser logs off before attempting to log back on.
Scheduled global CPU outage
POP server is out of Coke
Fiber optics caused gas main leak
Server depressed, needs Prozac
quantum decoherence
those damn raccoons!
suboptimal routing experience
We'll fix that in the next (upgrade, update, patch release, service pack).
HTTPD Error 666 : BOFH was here
HTTPD Error 4004 : very old Intel cpu - insufficient processing power
rubber band broke
Stray Alpha Particles from memory packaging caused Hard Memory Error on Server.
paradigm shift...without a clutch
PEBKAC (Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair)
The cables are not the same length
Second-system effect
Chewing gum on /dev/sd3c
Boredom in the Kernel.
struck by the Good Times virus
YOU HAVE AN I/O ERROR -> Incompetent Operator error
Your parity check is overdrawn and you're out of cache.
Plasma conduit breach
Out of cards on drive D:
Sand fleas eating the Internet cables
parallel processors running perpendicular today
ATM cell has no roaming feature turned on, notebooks can't connect
Webmasters kidnapped by evil cult
Failure to adjust for daylight savings time
Virus transmitted from computer to sysadmins
Incorrectly configured static routes on the corerouters
Suspicious pointer corrupted virtual machine
InterNIC's fault
Root name servers corrupted
Budget cuts - forced us to sell all power cords for servers
operators killed by year 2000 bug bite
robotic tape changer mistook operator's face for backup tape
someone was smoking in the computer room and set off the halon systems
ID-10-T error
Please wait - Internet being scanned for viruses
bad user karma
/dev/clue was linked to /dev/null
/dev/clue not found
increased sunspot activity
It's union rules. There's nothing we can do about it. Sorry
Interference from the Van Allen Belt
redundant ACLs
Mail server hit by UniSpammer
data for intranet routed through extranet then landed on internet
Not a problem; it is an undocumented feature.
Didn't hear pager go off due to loud music from bar-room speakers
Sysadmin accidentally destroyed pager with a large hammer
Route flapping at the NAP
Computers under water due to SYN flooding
vulcan-death-grip ping has been applied
Electrical conduits in machine room are melting
Traffic jam on the Information Superhighway
Radial Telemetry Infiltration
tachyon emissions overloading the system
Maintenance window broken
Out of slots on the server
Computer room being moved.  Our systems are down for the weekend.
Repeated reboots of the system failed to solve problem
Feature was not beta tested
Domain controller not responding
Not RFC-822 compliant
operation failed because: there is no message for this error (#1014)
stop bit received
network down, IP packets delivered via UPS
Temporal anomaly
Borg implants failing
Borg nanites have infested the server
Please state the nature of the technical emergency
Internet shut down due to maintenance
Daemon escaped from pentagram
crop circles in the korn shell
sticky bit has come loose
Cache miss - please take better aim next time
Hash table has woodworm
Zombie processes detected, machine is haunted
overflow error in /dev/null
According to Microsoft, it's by design
Green Peace free'd the mallocs
astropneumatic oscillations in the water-cooling
somebody ran the operating system through a spell checker
Keyboard Actuator Failure.  Order and Replace
Packet held up at customs
Propagation delay
High line impedance
Someone set us up the bomb
Power surges on the Underground
Don't worry; it's been deprecated. The new one is worse.
Excess condensation in cloud network
layer 8 problem
math co-processor had an overflow error that leaked out and shorted the RAM
leaped the second
you try to confuse
you know damn right!
Johnny Cage wins.  Fatality
Error Code: SBG
Error Code: RGT
